What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository it creates a .git hidden folder which stores all the necessary things like the config file.
We need to create a git repository in order to be able to track the status of the files and commit any desirable changes to them..
So we can use all the good things git has to offer us.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the working directory in the sense that it serves as a place from where things will get committed
to the repository in a single commit. It is useful to make logical commits and serves as a place where we can review the files and 
remove unnecessary ones before committing.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area shows us which files are tracked and untracked. We can also see the changes in the staging area with respect to the 
most recent commit using the command 'git diff --staged'. This will give us an idea if all the changes correspond to one logical change
or if they can be committed as two different commits.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If we want to try out an experimental feature while still maintaining a working version of the code then we can use git branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams are easier as we can see in a pictorial representation the relationship between the various commit histories of various branches.
By including arrows to the parent of each commit, we can have a complete understanding of reachability as well.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
In the first place a branch was created to be able to add a new feature or remove a bug. Once that is completed then we can merge the two
branches for easy trackability and to avoid confusion. The diagram is for better pictorial representation.




